Good morning, family. Praise the Lord! Another day, Day 49.
Tomorrow is Day 50. California had a massive earthquake last night on 12/5.
I told my son, "Go look at when I gave that word about a major earthquake that's going to happen in California."I thought it was Southern California where this earthquake took place, but it was Northern California, just like the Lord showed me.
I was praying over it and didn't even pay attention until people started sending me emails saying, "Hey, did you see this?"I heard about it, but I didn't think anything of it. Then I found out it was a 7.0.
I was interceding, just praying in my normal daily routine, and the Lord told me, "Brandon, this was a warning before the major one."This 7.1 that happened on 12/5 was a warning for what's coming.
He had my attention then. I said, "What's going on? Let me do some more research, Lord."So I had my son look up when I did the video, and it was on 1/5.
It was 11 months to the day that I gave the word on 1/5 of 2023. On 12/5 of 2024, the earthquake took place.
I thought there had to be something of significance to the number 1/5.
Bo Polny is all into that; I'll have to ask him because he gets into all the numbers and see what he thinks. Maybe there's something more to it.
If you all know more about 1/5 and if there's a spiritual significance to the numbers being 11 months into it—it happened almost on the exact day of five—I was just like, "Wow, Lord, that's interesting."Then He said this was a warning; the major one is about to happen soon.
I don't know exactly when, He did not give me that, but I know as we pray today, He will show us more.
Whenever I told you about that visitation I had, I saw a massive quilt sewn down with golden thread that was quilted to the United States.
It was a covering over Yellowstone National Park and that whole area up north.
The Lord showed me it was a very active volcanic area that He has suppressed for a long time.
I don't know how long it's been since Yellowstone has had a major eruption, but it's more than just about Yellowstone.
The Lord showed me a blonde woman who was vain, combing her hair in the mirror—she was basically a prostitute.
The Lord said, "I've weighed you in the balances, America, and I have found you lacking."Because of pride, people had their noses turned up toward Him, and there was a stench before the Father.
In another vision, I saw babies across the land with soiled diapers and flies surrounding them because the preachers were not teaching the truth.
Then I saw that thread starting to be cut and pulled away; that hedge of protection was being lifted off that area.
Then the Lord showed me a massive earthquake that went from the San Francisco area through Portland and Seattle.
It shook the whole West Coast and the land broke off. Water flooded inland; the earthquake was so big.
Then the Lord showed me fires going all the way up through Anchorage, Alaska.
I don't know if it was a pipeline, but everything from British Columbia up was on fire.
Then the Lord showed me a massive tsunami wave caused when the land shifted.
It was like a landslide; that pressure caused a massive tsunami and it wiped out Japan. It was just covered in water.
So, I thought it was really interesting that on 12/5, a substantial 7.1 earthquake happened on that same fault line.
God does things by numbers. I thought maybe it would happen during the Tribulation, but maybe it's getting closer.
I was warning the people who lived in Portland; there was great corruption there.
I know we can pray things away, but certain things will take place.
The Lord said, "You're so focused on politics and the economy, but you will see the birthing pains begin now with earthquakes, tsunamis, and volcanoes."These signs of the earth have nothing to do with man; it has everything to do with nature.
This will be an acceleration of that kind of stuff. The Lord warned me about this three or four days ago, and then it happened.
I thought, "Boy, this is speeding up, Lord."Sometimes what I see in the spirit takes years, but this happened quickly.
We are getting ready to see amazing stuff: signs in the heavens, signs in the earth, plagues, and pestilence.
This side that's been out of sight, out of mind is going to accelerate now and get more intense.
I want to shed light on this for you to be prayed up, especially if you live on a fault line.
If the Holy Spirit tells you in the midnight hour to move and get out of here quick, listen. Delayed obedience is disobedience.
If you're living in these areas and the Lord wakes you up and says you need to go now, like Lot when the angels told him judgment was coming—if he had stayed, he would have been burned to a crisp.
But because he had Abraham interceding on his behalf, he was spared.
That's why I believe in these last days God is raising up this channel to intercede for the nations: South Korea, Australia, Canada, Russia, and the Middle East. It's not just about America; it's a worldwide channel.
The Lord said, "I'm raising up a million-person prayer army on this channel to pray for major events."I do nothing in this earth before I reveal it to my prophets first.
The Lord told me that when we get to the Super Bowl of 2025, there will be even more of an acceleration.
That will be three weeks after President Trump is sworn into office.
He's talking about a great acceleration of finances by the Super Bowl of 2025.
I had a dream one night of an eclipse. One side of the Earth was complete darkness and this side was light.
I heard air raid sirens blowing outside. It was an eerie feeling. I knew there was a dividing line of light and darkness.
There was a schoolhouse with children, and the Lord said, "I want you to go in and teach those kids prayer."I didn't want to do it in the dream; I turned around to walk out, but a whirlwind whipped me around and put me back at the doors.
I walked in and there were thousands of kids sitting at my feet.
I started teaching the children how to pray. I didn't know what that meant until now.
I'm doing exactly what He asked me to do by doing this prayer every day.
Jesus Christ is coming, and we have authority in these last days.
Birthing pains are taking place all around us, but it's not for you to fear; it's for you to be encouraged because your redemption draws nigh.
A thousand shall fall at your side and ten thousand at your right hand, but nothing shall come nigh you.
He is our refuge and our fortress. We will not be moved by what we see or feel; we're moved by what the Word of God says.
Do not ignore the Spirit of the Lord when He warns you to flee an area. Stay in sync with the Holy Spirit.
Don't skip one day of prayer because it will be a life-and-death situation.
It's as important as a breath of fresh air. Now let's pray together for divine interference for South Korea.
I believe God will set godly people in leadership and that South Korea will have a great outpouring of the Spirit.
You won't have a tyrant government taking over. I've seen a major revival taking place all throughout Asia.
People bound by Buddhism and false religions will be set free.
I take authority over false religion over the Asian people.
We call forth the angelic hosts to war on behalf of our brothers and sisters in Asia.
I thank You, Father, that You anoint them to lay hands on the sick, cast out devils, and raise the dead.
They will be able to witness to the Buddhists and Muslims, and people will see that Jesus Christ is alive.
We are the salt of the earth. When we display the goodness of God, it draws men to repentance.
We call the dead to rise now in Jesus'name. There ain't no grave gonna hold my body down!
You've got to get excited about the Word! You can't be all down, busted, and sad.
Turn that frown upside down and be excited about what God is going to do.
Expectation brings the manifestation. I expect God to move in my finances and my family.
We hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow concerning investments or where to move.
We pray over Elon Musk; we call him born again. We pray a special hedge of covering over Donald Trump and his family.
We thank You, Lord, that he has godly people around him. In his first 30 days of office, he will walk in a supernatural Solomon anointing.
We thank You for Joe Biden. Any demonic spirits trying to cause havoc, we bind them.
Kamala Harris and the Deep State will not be able to accomplish any plot against this nation.
We call forth Dinar to revalue. We call forth the cryptos to go up in value.
We call forth supernatural abundance over gold and silver.
I thank You, Lord, for creative ideas to get wealth. This will be an amazing Christmas season.
Happy birthday, Jesus! We pray over osteoporosis and the brittling of bones.
Our youth is renewed like the eagles. We speak against diabetes, Type 1 and Type 2, and we call the pancreas healed.
We thank You for every person who needs healing from cancer, tumors, or AIDS.
We call marriages restored and children home. I believe you received your healing today. I'm not concerned about the earthquakes.
I know what the Lord showed me about Tulsa and the major earthquake coming from Texarkana, but I don't let fear in my heart.
Be watchful. If you're new here, consider subscribing and click the notification bell.
Give us a thumbs up; it helps with the algorithm. 2025 is not a time to be lukewarm.
It's time to have your lamps full of oil. Jesus is coming soon.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. We will see you tomorrow for Day 50. Bye-bye.